docs/packages/capture.md, before:

# <img src="https://rawcdn.githack.com/virtualex-itv/chocolatey-packages/6cef9a6af703e8bfd5fb695d54413dee46e49cc8/icons/capture.png" width="32" height="32"/> [![Capture (Formerly Jing)](https://img.shields.io/chocolatey/v/capture.svg?label=Capture+(Formerly+Jing))](https://community.chocolatey.org/packages/capture) [![Capture (Formerly Jing)](https://img.shields.io/chocolatey/dt/capture.svg)](https://community.chocolatey.org/packages/capture)

## Usage

To install Capture (Formerly Jing), run the following command from the command line or from PowerShell:

```powershell
choco install capture
```

To upgrade Capture (Formerly Jing), run the following command from the command line or from PowerShell:

```powershell
choco upgrade capture
```

To uninstall Capture (Formerly Jing), run the following command from the command line or from PowerShell:

```powershell
choco uninstall capture
```

## Description

Whether for work, home, or play, TechSmith Capture provides a simple, free way to create basic screenshots and screen recordings and share them with others.

**Please Note**: This is an automatically updated package. If you find it is
out of date by more than a day or two, please contact the maintainer(s) and
let them know the package is no longer updating correctly.

## Links

[Chocolatey Package Page](https://community.chocolatey.org/packages/capture)

[Software Site](https://www.techsmith.com/jing-tool.html)

[Package Source](https://github.com/virtualex-itv/chocolatey-packages/tree/master/automatic/capture)

Commit message:

chore(capture): deprecate package and migrate to Snagit

docs/packages/capture.md, after:

# [DEPRECATED] Capture (Formerly Jing)

## ⚠️ This package has been deprecated

TechSmith Capture (formerly known as Jing) has been officially retired by TechSmith Corporation and is no longer supported or available for download from the official website.

## Replacement

TechSmith recommends **[Snagit](https://community.chocolatey.org/packages/snagit)** as the replacement for Capture/Jing.

### Install Snagit

To install Snagit, run the following command from the command line or from PowerShell:

```powershell
choco install snagit
```

## What Happened?

The `capture` package now depends on `snagit`. When you update the `capture` package, Snagit will be installed automatically as a replacement.

Snagit includes all the features of Capture plus many more:

- Advanced screenshot and screen recording capabilities
- Scrolling capture
- Advanced annotation tools
- Video recording with audio
- Organized library for managing captures

## Links

[Chocolatey Package Page](https://community.chocolatey.org/packages/capture)

[Snagit Package Page](https://community.chocolatey.org/packages/snagit)

[TechSmith Capture Migration Info](https://www.techsmith.com/solutions/capture-tool/)

[Package Source](https://github.com/virtualex-itv/chocolatey-packages/tree/master/deprecated/capture)
